File Ref.No.KTUASST(ACADEMIC) APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University Thiruvananthapuram Abstract APJAKTU- Provision for Migration- Sanctioned- Orders issued. ACADEMIC SECTION U.O.No. KTU Thiruvananthapuram, Dated: .. Read:-. Minutes of the 5th Academic Council held on , item no... ORDER Vide reference cited above, provision for migration of students from other universities was placed in the 5th Academic Council held on , vide item no.... The Academic Council discussed the matter in detail and suggested necessary changes in the provisions for migration . The provision for migration of students from other universities, after incorporating suggestions made by the Academic Council is as detailed below: Item No. Description Migration to the University from other Universities shall be permitted only if the parent university should have affiliation in any of the Professional bodies such as AIUAICTEUGCCouncil of Architectsetc. The student shall be permitted to migrate only if heshe fulfills the . University eligibility criteria for admission to the course applied for migration. The migration shall be permitted only up to the fifth semester of the . B.Tech programme and, half the duration of the programme in the case of other programmes. The admission shall be offered on migration basis through lateral . transfer of credits. The students shall be allowed to migrate to the University subject to satisfying the rules and regulations of the University as regards to , . maximum number of backlogs, grade points, minimum credit requirement for promotion to higher semesters, etc. The student shall be offered admission in any of the affiliated collegesinstitutions of the University subject to availability of seats. The . student shall produce no objection certificate from the concerned collegeinstitute in this regard. The students offered admission shall have to take transitory coursesadditional courses of the previous semesters to satisfy the . . programme requirement as recommended by the concerned Board of Studies. The students offered admission shall pay the migration fees and the University fees as prescribed by the University. The application processing fee(University fee) shall be Rs.-(Rupees five thousand only) and the migration fees shall be Rs.,-(Rupees twenty thousand only). The migration fee is charged for the meeting expenses of the concerned Board of Studies to decide on the student suitability for migration and to recommend the transitory coursesadditional courses to be done by the student to fulfill the . academic requirement of the University. The processing fee shall be paid along with the application, and the migration fee shall be paid to the University at the time of offering admission. The fee once paid shall not be refunded under any circumstances. The students in any of the Engineering collegesinstitutions , which, before the commencement of KTU Act remained affiliated to Universities except Deemed Universities in the State of Kerala, are exempted from paying the processing fee and the migration fee. The migrated students shall follow the rules and regulations of the . University. The students offered admission shall produce a migration certificate . from the parent University at the time of admission. The student offered admission