be refunded under any circumstances. The students in any of the Engineering collegesinstitutions , which, before the commencement of KTU Act remained affiliated to Universities except Deemed Universities in the State of Kerala, are exempted from paying the processing fee and the migration fee. The migrated students shall follow the rules and regulations of the . University. The students offered admission shall produce a migration certificate . from the parent University at the time of admission. The student offered admission shall produce a character certificate from . the parent instituteUniversity at the time of admission. Regulations, Scheme and Syllabus of the respective specialization attested by the Registrar of the parent University or equivalent authority . shall be submitted to the University along with the application seeking migration to the University. Attested copies of all certificates and mark lists from 10th onwards shall be submitted along with the application for migration(Original . Certificates and mark lists shall be produced as and when required by the University). Assessment of the student suitability for migration in terms of . programmes, backlogs, grade points, credit requirements, etc shall be done by the concerned Board of Studies. Assessment of the transitory courses additional courses to be done by . the student as per the academic requirement of the University shall be as recommended by the concerned Board of Studies. Orders are issued accordingly. Sd- Dr. J. SREEKUMAR Dean (Academic) Copy to:- . Oo.The registrarJD(IT) to be published in the website. This is a computer system (Digital File) generated letter. Hence there is no need for a physical signature. B.Arch Regulations Norms for Migration from other Universities (Page No., Clause R10 B.Arch Regulations ) R10. Migration to the University from other Universities shall be permitted only if the parent University and the APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University enters into a bipartite agreement MoU for this purpose. However, this condition is not applicable to the students in any of the Engineering colleges Institutions, which, before the commencement of KTU Act remained affiliated to Universities except Deemed to be Universities in the State of Kerala. R10. The student shall be permitted to migrate only if heshe fulfils the University eligibility criteria for admission to the course applied for migration. R10. The migration shall be permitted only up to the fifth semester of the B.Arch program. R10. The admission shall be offered on migration basis through lateral transfer of credits. Lateral credit transfer shall be as recommended by the concerned Board of Studies. R10. The students shall be allowed to migrate to the University subject to satisfying the rules and regulations of the University as regards to maximum number of backlogs, grade points, minimum credit requirement for promotion to higher semesters, etc. R10. The student shall be offered admission in any of the affiliated collegesinstitutions of the University subject to availability of seats. The student shall produce no objection certificate from the concerned collegeinstitute in this regard. R10. The students offered admission shall have to take transitory courses additional